Mm-hmm, mm-hmm!
I get it! I understand!
Thank goodness you're so dumb!
Why, you giant serpent!
"Episode 17: Boys, Be Weak"
I will protect you. Go, fire-rat!
Here I go! Shinrider Kick!
Damn, that is so hard!
Stay away from me!
The radioactive decay isn't stopping.
Radioactive concentration is still climbing!
This is getting really bad, Shinra!
Take it easy, Nataku-kun!
Don't expect anything more out of me!
Don't expect any more!
Another 100! Tak-kun, you're so good. You always work so hard.
Tak-kun, you're going to be a fine doctor, just like your father.
I know you can do it. I can't wait to see your future.
No, Mom. You always expect so much.
I mean, that one time I got a bad grade... "Science"
Augh, what am I going to tell your father?
You aren't keeping a close enough watch over Nataku!
I'm sorry, Mom.
I promise, I'll try harder next time. So...
You're kidding. Nataku is a third generation?
You're going to take him in at a Haijima facility?
Tak-kun, I know you can come home soon.
There's no way that the flame's power can get the best of you.
Isn't that right? You can do it, right?
Yes, I can.
You can do it, right?
All right, let's start the experiment.
We're looking forward to some good results today.
You can do it, right?
Yes.
I can do it, I can do it, I can do it, I can do it...
--I can do it, I can do it, I can do it, --You can do it, you can do it, you can do it...
"I can do it"
--I can do it, I can do it... --You can do it, you can do it!
You have a test with your Uncle Reaper today.
You might wind up dead, but you can do this, right?
Yes, I can.
I will. Leave it to me. I know I... ...can do it!
I have to. I have to become smarter. I have to become stronger.
Nataku-kun...
What was that? What did you do? What was that sensation?
Nataku-kun, take it easy! You have to listen to me!
Stop it! Stop looking inside me!
Don't let yourself be carried away by the flames' power!
It's all right! You're a strong boy, so--
Yeah, that's right! That's why I can do this!
I know I can do this! I can do it!
The radioactive concentration just spiked!
We're in danger! Hurry up and get to shelter!
Hey, man, are you serious?
That's an absurd amount of energy. I'm not even kidding.
Huh?
I can foresee what's going to happen. If that heat ray gets a direct hit,
it will form a crater about 500 kilometers across.
There's nowhere to run from something like that!
Sister, stay behind here.
Yes, sir.
No-- No, that won't do any good.
It doesn't matter where we run anymore!
Hurry up and take shelter!
Where are we supposed to take shelter from that?
I can do it! I've got this!
I'm going to do this!
Stop!
I can do it! I can do this! I have the power!
I can blow this whole city away!
I can do anything!
You dumbass!
There's nothing I can do!
I am a protector!
Charon!
Haumea, and Inca, and Shinra, and Nataku...
...cannot be lost!
Is he...?
Reflective force of Charon the Reflector!
This is fun, all right!
Whoa...
Maybe I overdid it a little...
Still, Pillars and their protectors are all about teamwork, right?
Hang in there cleaning up my mess, Charon.
"How to Raise Good Children"
Haumea, I'm begging you, do as I tell you for once.
Shut up, shut up, shut the hell up.
And Charon, I can see everything that goes on inside your head.
Stop thinking about me all the time!
Ow!
Damn... My life is flashing... Imagine, thinking about Haumea right now...
What an earnest protector I am.
Which is exactly why...!
I will protect the Pillars or die trying!
Are you kidding me...?
The moon... Oh no...
I can't move another muscle.
You have to stop the Sixth Pillar.
That was close.
That was very close.
I was this close to having all the weak people in town blown away at once.
You nearly took them from me.
I'll have to request some extra compensation from the company.
I can do it, Kurono-san! I have to do it!
Kurono!
He cut through the flaming one?
It may not be demon-level, but that armor is still pretty hard!
He's strong!
My arm!
Don't get any stronger.
You've disappointed me, Nataku. You're hopeless.
Please don't say that!
I can do this!
Well enough to beat you! I can at least do that much!
You can do it, right, Tak-kun? You're my pride and joy, after all.
Yeah! I'll do it!
Oh, no...
It's all right, Mom! Don't worry! I can handle it! I can...!
You can do it!
I can... You can do it!
--I can handle it... --You can do it! You can do it! You can do it!
--I can... --You can do it!
I have to do it!
I have to do it... ...or Mom will...!
I'm gonna do it!
Wait, Kurono!
Let me go, Kurono-san! This isn't all I've got! I know I can do better!
Be stronger! I have to produce results, right?!
Well I'm going to! I'm going to!
No.
Why not?! You're expecting me to use my Adolla Burst thingie, right?!
Please, I know I can do it! I can do more!
You've done enough.
How come?!
Don't get any stronger than this.
Why... ...are you telling me that?
I like to bully the weak. You're still a child, right?
So don't go getting any stronger.
Are you saying you can't expect anything from me?
"I want to do such and such." "I want to be such and such."
"I want to become such and such."
It's out of those thoughts that little boys become stronger.
What's the big rush?
Right now, you have to hold on to the weakness you have--
the kind that makes me want to bully you.
It is a very precious and fleeting thing.
So I want you to still stay weak.
Nobody has ever told me anything like that before.
My mom and dad had unreasonable expectations of me.
Always telling me, "You can do it, Nataku."
But when I couldn't do something, they expressed terrible regrets.
I was terrified of that.
The madman inside me spurs me on, ignoring how I feel.
You are still a child.
Is it... okay for me to be weak?
Yeah. Weak enough for me to want to bully.
Thank you very much.
Radioactive concentration is dropping.
Kurono stopped him.
While 99% of people would look at this and say it's a weird relationship,
for the remaining 1%, it's the best-case scenario.
I guess that makes him the Sixth Pillar's protector.
I'm exhausted. Let's leave the Sixth Pillar in Haijima's care,
and pull out of here for now.
You can stay right here right now. I can see...
...what your future holds in store.
They retreated?
The battle at Haijima, between the 8th, Haijima,
and the White-Clad, had come to an end.
It had left 32 people dead.
Publicly, it was reported as an accident that had happened
while performing an Adolla Burst experiment.
It caused a huge crater on the moon, but for the people of earth,
who had experienced the catastrophic damage of the Great Cataclysm,
it did not cause much of a buzz.
The children are still in the custody of the Haijima laboratory.
The 8th recommended that Haijima cease all extreme experiments
that had Adolla Bursts as their objective.
But it was Kurono who had stopped Nataku.
I couldn't do anything but stand there and watch.
Kurono is completely messed up,
but he seems to be a good partner for maintaining Nataku's mental balance.
Our investigation was to try to find a link between Haijima and the Evangelist,
but after seeing this attack, that connection has to be pretty thin.
And so, today, myself, Licht-san, and the captain have been called to Haijima
to speak about this incident.
Come in.
President Haijima, thank you for seeing us today.
In regards to this recent incident...
...you all have really done it.
You cannot survive in this nation with Haijima as your foe.
Is that a threat, sir?
I have no intention of wasting either of our precious time with that.
How about we form a united front to counter the Evangelist?
If you would be willing to work with Haijima,
I would be willing to reconsider the order to kill Licht.
How would Nataku be treated?
You're the person who has the Adolla Burst, are you?
If you will cooperate with our research,
we will change the sort of experiments we do in the children's facilities.
I do not think that is a bad deal at all.
--I will even drop the charges against you and Licht.
--This is a fight that you started, isn't it? --I will even drop the charges against you and Licht.
Don't get so emotional.
The future of the empire rests on the matters we are now discussing.
I'm sure you must know what kind of unit the 8th is.
We are a company that does internal investigations
into matters concerning the Special Fire Force.
We suspect that Haijima is connected to the Evangelist,
and that you are hiding something about Amaterasu.
There were non-humans involved in the beginning of the Holy Sol Temple.
If these people were aligned with the Evangelist,
then it would not be surprising if Haijima was connected to the Evangelist as well.
Amaterasu was built by the Holy Sol Temple and Haijima.
Then doesn't Haijima have a connection to the Evangelist?
Did you know that there was someone inside Amaterasu?
Yes, of course.
Amaterasu operates off of a person that possesses an Adolla Burst.
But so what if it does?
We cannot shut down Amaterasu.
The entire Tokyo Empire is built upon the sacrifice of one person.
If we shut down Amaterasu,
what will become of the people who live in this country?
If the energy that supports their lives were to suddenly disappear,
chaos would be inevitable.
We were also under attack from them.
Believe me, there is no connection between Haijima and the Evangelist.
What about Dr. Giovanni, the former captain of the 3rd,
for which Haijima is the parent company, being connected to the Evangelist?
The matter with the 3rd is indefensible,
but 70% of the empire's population works for Haijima.
It is quite impossible to keep tabs on all of them.
The Evangelist trying to monopolize the Adolla Bursts
is becoming a nuisance for Haijima.
If you have enough spare time to investigate us, defeat them.
For what reason is Haijima seeking an Adolla Burst?
To fuel a second Amaterasu.
What do you take people for?! A person with an Adolla Burst is still a person!
And that one person can save 15 million others.
Without Amaterasu, the empire would collapse.
You possess an Adolla Burst, right?
If your life could save 15 million others,
then it would be a small price to pay, yes?
As a Fire Soldier, you aren't going to tell me
that your life is more precious than saving others, are you?
I would lay down my life!
As a Fire Soldier, if I could give my life to save all the others...
No, Shinra.
Fire Soldiers' lives are not cheap.
Fire Soldiers save the lives of many people by being alive.
You may save even more than 15 million lives if you are!
That's why I'm going to build a power generator better than Amaterasu
that doesn't require anyone to be sacrificed to it!
Hold it, you!
--Don't you worry, Shinra! There's no way I'm going to let you be sacrificed!
--Vulcan... --Don't you worry, Shinra! There's no way I'm going to let you be sacrificed!
--A member of the Joseph family that built Amaterasu. --The hell?! You want some? --Why, you!
--What? --Get your hands off of me! --G-Get over here!
--It's all right. Let him in. --Get your hands off of me! --G-Get over here!
Let me go!
You the president of Haijima?
You said you could make a generator better than Amaterasu
that doesn't require a sacrifice?
Yeah. My dream is to bring the world back to life.
We're going to need something more than Amaterasu to do that.
No matter what happens, we are not sacrificing Shinra.
I promise you, we will keep Shinra safe.
Captain... Vulcan...
Charon did say that the Pillars had their protectors.
Everyone at the 8th is protecting me.
So you say. If you can make that happen,
then it would be a dream come true for us, as well.
Haijima will back you. The 8th, as well.
But then, are you sure you can do it?
--Of course he can! --Of course I can!
There is one condition, though.
We are to be entitled according to the proportion of our investment.
If you supply me with the goods I require, I don't need any rights to it.
Not if it brings the world back around.
Then it's settled.
Haijima's bottom-line goal is to make a profit.
But they don't have any connection to the Evangelist.
So now we're in a coalition with Haijima.
What has happened to Nataku Son?
Nothing new. He is taking part in Adolla Burst experiments today, as usual.
More of those cruel experiments?!
We are keeping a careful watch over him. Rest easy.
You've gotten so you can control your flame pretty well, huh?
No, I'm still apprehensive without my fireproof cloak.
It's all right. You can do this.
--I can do this. --You can do this.
Okay, it's time to play with your Uncle Reaper again today.
Right.
Don't be so tense. Just stay nice and weak. Please.
Right!
"To be continued"
"Fire Force, Season 2"
"Next time"
The Holy Sol Temple.
It is salvation for those who live in fear of the flame terror.
However, Great Sol, is it right for me to believe in You?
Will you pray with me?
Next time on Fire Force, Season 2, episode 18, "The Holy Woman's Anguish."
"Episode 18: The Holy Woman's Anguish"
Return to the great flame of fire. Látom.
>>>>oakislandtk<<<<< www.opensubtitles.org